.TH "stack.h" 3 "16 Sep 2003" "Sample" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
stack.h \- This is brief description of this file. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'something.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br
.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBstack\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is a stack struct.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBENOMEM\fP   -1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBEXAMPLE\fP   -2"
.br
.RI "\fIyou may also only have one line of comments\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBEXAMPLE2\fP   -3"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is how you put documentation after the fact.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpush\fP (\fBstack\fP s, int val)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function is used to push stuff.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpop\fP (\fBstack\fP s)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis pops.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_elem\fP (\fBstack\fP s, int val)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis gets an element.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtop\fP (\fBstack\fP s)"
.br
.RI "\fITake a look at the top.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
This is brief description of this file.
.PP
 This is a slightly longer description of the file. Also note that the 'backslash'file command is needed or doxygen wont pull any declarations from the file 
.PP
\fBVersion: \fP
.in +1c
a million 
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
someone without much to do , some other guy too 
.PP
\fBDate: \fP
.in +1c
1896-2430
.PP
Definition in file \fBstack.h\fP.
.SH "DEFINE DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "#define ENOMEM   -1"
.PP
This describes this define and what it is used for.  In this case it is used to say there is no memory.  These are automatically brief descriptions 
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file stack.h.
.SH "FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "int get_elem (\fBstack\fP s, int val)"
.PP
This gets an element.
.PP
It is used to get stuff
.PP
\fBDeprecated: \fP
.in +1c
Dont use this anymore, for various reasons 
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIs\fP\fP
stack to get item from 
.TP
\fB\fIi\fP\fP
This is the index
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
.SS "int push (\fBstack\fP s, int val)"
.PP
This function is used to push stuff.
.PP
It puts stuff on the end.
.PP
\fBBug: \fP
.in +1c
this function rules too much 
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIs\fP\fP
This is the stack to push onto 
.TP
\fB\fIval\fP\fP
This is the value to push
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
a non-negative value indicates success
.TP
a negative return value indicates that the push was not successful
.TP
The - creates a bullet list 
.PP
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file stack.c.
.PP
References stack::end, and stack::stack.
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Sample from the source code.
