.TH "Stack" 3 "16 Sep 2003" "Sample" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Stack \- 
.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBstack\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is a stack struct.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpush\fP (\fBstack\fP s, int val)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function is used to push stuff.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpop\fP (\fBstack\fP s)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis pops.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtop\fP (\fBstack\fP s)"
.br
.RI "\fITake a look at the top.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "int pop (\fBstack\fP s)"
.PP
This pops.
.PP
It is used to pop stuff
.PP
\fBWarning: \fP
.in +1c
This can give you an error if there is nothing to pop 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
stack , push 
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIs\fP\fP
the stack to get an element from
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
.SS "int push (\fBstack\fP s, int val)"
.PP
This function is used to push stuff.
.PP
It puts stuff on the end.
.PP
\fBBug: \fP
.in +1c
this function rules too much 
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIs\fP\fP
This is the stack to push onto 
.TP
\fB\fIval\fP\fP
This is the value to push
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
a non-negative value indicates success
.TP
a negative return value indicates that the push was not successful
.TP
The - creates a bullet list 
.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBstack_example.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file stack.c.
.PP
References stack::end, and stack::stack.
.SS "int top (\fBstack\fP s)"
.PP
Take a look at the top.
.PP
This is another way to do documentation. It is better to put the documentation in the source, because then you can edit them together.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
The top of the stack 
